[3/3] Update lightning callbacks to `Stateful`, deprecations for old `on_save/load_checkpoint` signatures (#11887)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: CHANGELOG.md

- Deprecated `LightningDataModule.on_save/load_checkpoint` in favor of `state_dict/load_state_dict` ([#11893](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/11893))

> - Deprecated `Callback.on_save_checkpoint -> dict` in favor of `Callback.on_save_checkpoint -> None` and `Callback.state_dict` ([#11887](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/11887))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deprecated returning state from `Callback.on_save_checkpoint` in favor of returning state in `Callback.state_dict` for checkpointing ([#11887](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/11887))
```

> - Deprecated `Callback.on_load_checkpoint(callback_state)` in favor of `Callback.load_state_dict` and future `Callback.on_load_checkpoint(checkpoint)` ([#11887](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/11887))

Reviewer: please be more explicit here. it is not easy for readers unfamiliar with this issue/PR to determine what `Callback.on_load_checkpoint(callback_state)` means here

- Removed public attribute `sync_batchnorm` from strategies ([#11754](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/11754))

> - Removed `EarlyStopping.on_save_checkpoint` and `EarlyStopping.on_load_checkpoint` in favor of `EarlyStopping.state_dict` and `EarlyStopping.load_state_dict` ([#11887](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/11887))

Reviewer: It should be under the changed section. We changed the API/class behavior, but we didn't remove a feature.

Author: moved! kept the same wording though
